Add "Languages" navigation and article (#6382)
reactjs/react.dev: src/content/community/translations.md

---
title: Translations
---

<Intro>

React docs are translated by the global community into many languages all over the world.

</Intro>

> ## Main site {/*main-site*/}

Reviewer: Instead on "Main Site" what do you think about these options:
- Have it list the "Current Site" so for each translation site it lists the one you're on
- Or, move english into "Translated languages" and remove this heading

The issue with "main site" to me is that it seems to diminish the translated sites as if they're less official or important, but they are official and just as valid as the main site

Author: English is not a "_translated_ language" but _is_ the main site from which other translations are based on. So I think semantically the current page is correct.

Reviewer: Maybe "Canonical site" with text like "All translations are provided from the canonical source docs:"

Reviewer: Or "Source site"

Reviewer: I'll apply this and merge

- [English](https://react.dev/) &mdash; [Contribute](https://github.com/reactjs/react.dev/)

> ## Translated languages {/*translated-languages*/}

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
## Full translations {/*full-translations*/}
```

{/* If you are a language maintainer and want to add your language here, finish the "Core" translations and edit `deployedTranslations` under `src/utils`. */}

> <LanguageList showTranslated={true} />

Reviewer: Prop name could maybe be `progress: 'complete' | 'in-progress'`

> ## Languages undergoing translation work {/*languages-undergoing-translation-work*/}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## In progress translations {/*in-progress-translations*/}
```

> The list below includes languages with a significant amount of completed translation as well as those with little to no progress. The translation progress for each language is being tracked in [Is React Translated Yet?](https://translations.react.dev/)

Reviewer: Simplify to

```suggestion
For the progress of each translation, see: [Is React Translated Yet?](https://translations.react.dev/)
```

<LanguageList showTranslated={false} />

> ## How to contribute {/*how-to-contribute*/}

Reviewer: I think there's a link to a an issue or guide somewhere, can we add that?

Reviewer: Maybe just link to this: https://github.com/reactjs/translations.react.dev

Author: This link is useful for those who want to start a new translation fork, but not for those who just want to work on translating individual articles. Each fork maintains its own contribution guide (I think), so let's direct contributors to each fork first.

Reviewer: Yeah that makes sense

> You can contribute to the translation efforts! The community conducts the translation work for the React docs on each language-specific fork of react.dev. Typical translation work involves directly translating a Markdown file and creating a pull request. Visit the GitHub repository for your language, and follow the instructions there or contact one of the maintainers. If you want to start a new translation for your language, visit: [translations.react.dev](https://github.com/reactjs/translations.react.dev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contribute to the translation efforts! 

The community conducts the translation work for the React docs on each language-specific fork of react.dev. Typical translation work involves directly translating a Markdown file and creating a pull request. Click the "contribute" link above to the GitHub repository for your language, and follow the instructions there to help with the translation effort.

If you want to start a new translation for your language, visit: [translations.react.dev](https://github.com/reactjs/translations.react.dev)
```

---
title: Translations
---

<Intro>

React docs are translated by the global community into many languages all over the world.

</Intro>

> ## Main site {/*main-site*/}
> 
> - [English](https://react.dev/) &mdash; [Contribute](https://github.com/reactjs/react.dev/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Source site {/*main-site*/}

All translations are provided from the canonical source docs:

- [English](https://react.dev/) &mdash; [Contribute](https://github.com/reactjs/react.dev/)
```
